Hey, you said I think this is still dead
It feels like there should be a rainbow
Oops, just buy this messy one.
How can there be any good predictions in this place?
You don't understand this
The more this kind of place, the easier it is to come up with good stuff
Then you choose
I'll pay you after picking
Ouch.
What a coincidence, dear, why are you here?
What a coincidence, Yoyo, are you here too?
Haha, there are still a lot of confidantes
This kind of place can have old friends
He is a boy!
No wonder you reject me.
So you like this tone
You're so disgusting, don't talk nonsense
Ouch.
We are here this time to get some rough stones.
Can you recommend it to us?
You are looking for me, why did you find the right person?
Well, we just came in with a new batch of goods.
And the boss is here.
Oh, let's hurry or it'll be too late.
Go go
boss
We got company. Hey
Okay, just look at me here, they are all good goods.
As long as you cut the fart, it rises sharply
Yo
Why are you here?
Oh, I see.
All your goods have been detained.
You want to try your luck here, right?
Ah!
Master Fang, you know each other
Of course!
Let me introduce you
This is the famous bridge.
A store about to open
But there's nothing decent in the store
Antique dealer
It's alright bro
Since you are here, brother
All friends
Tell my brother what you like.
But still waiting for Young Master Fang to finish picking first?
Why is my grandfather Chen Tianshi?
Let's pick first
Oh, it's Miss Chen.
Oops disrespect disrespect
But I still have to wait for Fang Shao to choose first
Because it's the rule
So did your grandfather when he came
Yeah.
Let him choose first